Issue #419 Update jwt-io.md (#422)
originator-profile/docs.originator-profile.org: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/faq/jwt-io.md

---
sidebar_position: 4

> original: https://github.com/originator-profile/docs.originator-profile.org/blob/4cb55e7/docs/faq/jwt-io.md

Reviewer: OKです。

claude   のreview では
> 指摘事項
> ⚠️ original フロントマターのコミットハッシュが main ブランチに存在しない

となっていますが、実際はあるのでこのままでOKです。（https://github.com/originator-profile/docs.originator-profile.org/commit/4cb55e7ccfac0c53c5a0881bcf7098ae2f0c5d7d)

ただし、このファイルがさらに更新されているので別issue を作ります。

```

1. Visit the [JSON Web Token (JWT) Debugger](https://jwt.io) and paste the VC specified by the OP into the "Encoded" field on the left.

> 2. In the "Verify Signature" section at the bottom right of the screen, set the "Public Key Format" to JWK and paste the public key found in the VC issuer's Core Profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the "JWT Signature Verification" section at the bottom right of the screen, set the "Public Key Format" to JWK and paste the public key found in the VC issuer's Core Profile.
```

https://www.jwt.io/ のサイトで、英語表記にすると、`JWT Signature Verification` と表示するため、
用語を合わせたいと思います。上記のように修正お願いします。

<img width="705" height="324" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3018049e-6eef-42cd-8522-de7767264f69" />

Reviewer: ここだけなのでこちらで修正しました。

```

1. Visit the [JSON Web Token (JWT) Debugger](https://jwt.io) and paste the VC specified by the OP into the "Encoded" field on the left.

> 2. In the "JWT Signature Verification" section at the bottom right of the screen, set the "Public Key Format" to JWK and paste the public key found in the VC issuer's Core Profile.

Reviewer: 修正済み。
